Update messaging spec with diagrams (#538)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-instrumentation-messaging.md

> # Messaging Systems

Author: As per internal conversation, will keep the level 1 header, and look to update other specs to level 1 headers as and when they are touched.

If message polling is performed when there is no active transaction, it
can be the initiating event for a message processing flow. Our goal in this
scenario is to capture the message processing flow as a `messaging` transaction
that SHOULD start after the polling operation exits **and** MUST only be started
if the polling operation returned a message or batch of messages. Capturing
the message processing flow in a transaction in this manner may be unfeasible if
the processing flow is not implemented within a well defined API.

### Trace Context

When message reception is captured as a `messaging` transaction, if the messaging
system exposes an API for sending additional message properties/metadata, it
SHOULD be checked for the presence of [Trace Context](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/).
If Trace Context is present, it SHOULD be propagated to the `messaging` transaction
to continue the [distributed trace](tracing-distributed-tracing.md).

If message reception results in a batch of messages that are processed in a
message processing flow and hence captured in a `messaging` transaction, it may be

> possible that each message in the batch has its own Trace Context. In this
> scenario, it is not currently possible to propagate a Trace Context to the `messaging`
> transaction, since there a multiple contexts present. It may be possible to capture
> these in future [(issue: #122)](https://github.com/elastic/apm/issues/122).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible that each message in the batch has its own Trace Context. In this
scenario, a transaction SHOULD be started and ended for each message 
handling wherever possible. For example, the Java agent instruments the 
Kafka consumer batch iterator so that a transaction is started whenever 
a message is retrieved from the batch and ended either when the next message 
is retrieved, of when the iterator is depleted (i.e. `iterator.hasNext()` returns 
`false`).
If this is not possible, the agent SHOULD create a single transaction for the 
batch. It may be possible to capture multiple parent contexts for such 
batch-transactions in the future through [span links](https://github.com/elastic/apm/issues/122).

```

Reviewer: Yes, it can go into a separate section, but currently in this section there is a sentence saying: 
```
In this scenario, it is not currently possible to propagate a Trace Context to 
the `messaging` transaction, since there are multiple contexts present.
```
This contradicts my addition. So the intention was, in addition to introducing the alternative way of dealing with batches, to say that the preferable way is to not create a single transaction for the batch, e.g. to propagate the trace context to separate transactions, and only whenever this is not possible, we will create a single transaction, ignoring the multiple trace contexts until we have span links in place.

Reviewer: I commented here that it should still change, but just reread in the entire context and all makes sense, thanks!

- Span creation for message *receiving operation that occurs within a traced transaction*

## Message sending/publishing

A Message send/publish SHOULD be captured as a `messaging` span only if 
occurring within a traced transaction.

![publish](uml/publish.svg)

### Trace Context

if the messaging system exposes an API for sending additional message properties/metadata, it
SHOULD be used to propagate the [Trace Context](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) of the
`messaging` span, to continue the [distributed trace](tracing-distributed-tracing.md).

## Message reception/consumption

Message reception can be divided into two types, **passive** and **active**. 

### Passive message reception

Passive message reception typically involves a listener or callback subscribed
to a queue/topic/subscription that is called once a message or batch of messages
is available, and passed the message or batch of messages for processing.

Passive reception SHOULD be captured as a `messaging` transaction that starts when
a message or batch of messages is received for processing, and ends when the
processing of the message or batch of messages finishes.

> TODO: insert Azure Service Bus example

Reviewer 2: Was this a TODO for yourself that you missed?

Author: Yeah 🙂 I'll look at adding a diagram

Reviewer 2: I don't know that it's strictly necessary. But I would remove the TODO either way.

Author: Agreed. I'll remove for now and look to revisit when I get a chance
